Now that we've fixed up a little issue or two, we're going to start adding in some these new routes.
The first route we're going to work on is going to give the user the ability to create a ticket.
So it will be a very simple form where a user will enter in a title and a price.
We're going to make this as a new route accessible at tickets new and to implement that route.
Naturally, we have to create a file at ticket slash new JS.
So let's create that new file right now.
Back inside my editor.
I'm going to find my pages directory.
Inside there, I'll make a new folder called Tickets.
And then inside there, I'll make a new file of new JS.
Inside of this new JSS file, I'm going to create a new component called New Ticket.
At the bottom, I will immediately export it.
And inside the component itself right now.
Let's just throw in a div.
And I'll give it maybe an H one that says Create a ticket.
Let's immediately save this.
Go back over to our browser and just make sure that we can access this new route.
Those should be able to access ticketing, dot dev tickets, slash new and see create a ticket, appear
on the screen like so it's only reasonable.
Now.
Next up, well, let's start to add in the form itself.
For the form, I'll go back over to my new ticket component.
We're going to add in a decent amount of sex here.
So we'll put in a form element.
I'm going to give it a div that has a class name of form group.
Inside that div.
I'll place a label.
That has tech's title.
After that, I'll put in a simple input.
I then going to duplicate that entire div.
And I'll change the label over to price instead.
And then finally after the second div that we just copy paste it in, I'll place a button with the class
name of BTN.
BTN primary.
And I'll give it some text of submit.
Pretty simple start.
Let's take a look at what that looks like.
Yep.
There we go.
Okay.
Now that we've got that put together, we need to make sure that we also add in to these inputs.
Just a quick class name just to fix up some of the styling on both the inputs.
I'm going to add a class name of form control.
And form control.
If I now save that and flip back over, we'll now see.
It stretches the entire length.
Now, having it stretched the entire length looks just a little bit weird.
We don't really have any gap on the left hand side or the right hand side.
So to fix that up, we're going to go back over to our app component.
We're just going to add in really quickly an additional little class that's going to give us a little
bit of spacing on either side.
So on the app component.
I'm going to find where we create the actual component right here.
So that's the child component that we're trying to show to the user.
And I'm going to wrap it with a div.
That has a class name of container.
Now, if I save that, I'll see that I get that nice border on both sides of the screen.
And you probably see something a little bit closer to that.
Just again, as a reminder, as usual, I run my screen really far, zoomed in, just you can see everything
I'm doing very easily.
Okay.
So that's a good start.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video.
We'll make sure that we add in some state to track the values the user is entering and then make a request
to eventually create a new ticket on our back end server.